VAULT-19278 Static secret caching docs (#23621)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/apiproxy.mdx

  for Vault's API.
---

# Vault Agent API proxy

Vault Agent's API Proxy functionality allows you to use Vault Agent's API as a proxy
for Vault's API.

~> Note: This functionality will be deprecated in a future release. Please
switch to using [Vault Proxy](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/proxy) for API proxying purposes, instead.

> ~> Note: Unlike Vault Agent, [Vault Proxy](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/proxy) supports

Author: It doesn't support static secret caching through it's API proxy -- while templating it does output templates to files, which acts like a cache in case of downtime but, the cache subsystem of Agent doesn't support it, nor does the API proxy.

I'll try and reword this so it's clearer! Thanks!

[the caching of static secrets](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/proxy/caching/static-secret-caching)

> (KVv1 and KVv2) through its API proxy, requiring less requests to be forwarded to Vault itself. We recommend

Reviewer: > (KVv1 and KVv2) through its API proxy, requiring less requests to be forwarded to Vault itself. We recommend

should be

>(KVv1 and KVv2) through its API proxy, requiring fewer requests to be forwarded to Vault itself. We recommend

Author: Good spot! I always get less/fewer mixed up :P

> switching to Vault Proxy for API Proxy related workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Note title="Use Vault Proxy for static secret caching">

  [Static secret caching](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/proxy/caching/static-secret-caching)
  (KVv1 and KVv2) with API proxy minimizes the number of requests forwarded to
  Vault. Vault Agent does not support static secret caching with API proxy. We
  recommend using [Vault Proxy](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/proxy) for API Proxy
  related workflows.

</Note>
```

Style correction: write in the active voice, one idea per sentence

Author: Thanks! The commit button has disappeared since I made a minor change to this paragraph, but I'll update to this suggestion!

  for Vault's API.
---

> # Vault Agent API proxy

Reviewer: Calling it Agent proxy is a little confusing -- should we separate this out and stick with calling it "Vault Proxy" throughout? Or, if we're referring to the pre-deprecated functionality, we have called this "Vault Agent in Proxy mode"

Author: This is talking about the API proxy functionality present in Vault Agent. While we encourage people to use Vault Proxy's API proxy functionality, Vault Agent still has API proxy functionality in it today

Reviewer: Makes sense!

> Vault Agent's API Proxy functionality allows you to use Vault Agent's API as a proxy

Reviewer: Same here -- stick with "Vault Proxy" or "Vault Agent in Proxy mode"

Author: As above, this is referring to Vault Agent's API proxy (i.e. the thing we moved to Vault Proxy but didn't yet remove from Agent), not Proxy's.
